MEETING DATE: March 10, 2025 (Discord meeting)

MINUTES WRITER: Khujista Faqiri
MEETING PARTICIPANTS: Yash, Ana, Youssef, Laurie, Johnny and Khujista 

DISCUSSION TOPICS:
- Overview of completed tasks in first two sprints. 
- Discussed the workflow of sprint 3 and how to divide responsibilities amongst team members. 
- Collectively decided to have a group of 4 and 2 person. For the dsign, 4 people (Khujista, Yash, Laurie and Johnny) will work on first part applying design patter and 2 people (Ana ans Youssef) will work on uodating the class diagram. 
- We will follow the same workflow for the implementation part: team of 4 for development and team of 2 for testing.These will be decided later on. 
- Discussion of some important points on GitHub work flow: creating pull requests, setting up reviewers, avoiding direct merging to the main, etc. 
- Utilization of Supabase, react JS, HTML/CSS.

ACTIONS FOR NEXT MEETING:

- Everyone needs to finish their part by tuestday Midnight in order to have enough time to start the coding. 
- Get approval from TA on chosen features.
