# MEETING DATE: January 25, 2025 (Discord meeting)
MINUTES WRITER: Khujista Faqiri   
MEETING PARTICIPANTS: Yash, Ana, Youssef, Laurie, Johnny

*DISCUSSION TOPICS:*
- Discussion on which methods and coding languages to use.
- Went over the project description sprint 1 together to better understand the tasks and highlight the main goal. 
- Breakdown the sprint 1 description into small tasks and distribute them amongst the teammates. 
- Proposition:Diagrams are quite a heavy task, hence each diagram will be done by 2 members and others will help if needed. 
- Collectively decided to finish the project by Friday midnight and any communication will be done on Instagram Group. 

*DECISIONS:*
- Utilization of Supabase, react JS, HTML/CSS.
- Creation of a Teams Group to have an optimized platform to work on the same Excel file and have access to unlimited team video calls.

*ACTIONS FOR NEXT MEETING:*
- Yash and Khujista will finish the context diagram. 
- Ana and Youssef will finish the domain model diagram. 
- Johnny will complete the project description and Laurie will work on the problem definition. 
- Ana will make the Github repository. 

